README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h3><b>Portfolio</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Portfolio <a name="about-project"></a>

> This is my first Portfolio project in the Microverse.

**Portfolio** is a basic HTML&CSS repository

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> HTML&CSS

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://yacoubou-seidou.github.io/Portfolio/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```sh
sudo apt install git-all
or
npm install
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/Yacoubou-seidou/Portfolio.git
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  Open index.html in browser
  or
  open with Live server in Vscode
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [yacoubou-seidou](https://github.com/yacoubou-seidou)
  👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [Prince-Nwuke](https://github.com/prius2055)
  👤 **Author3**

- GitHub: [Samuel-O.Acheampong](https://github.com/yawsamcode)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Add_project_details]**
- [ ] **[Add_a_profile_picture]**
- [ ] **[Add_JavaScript_behavor]**
- [ ] **[Add_link_to_a_tags]**
- [ ] **[Ass_memu_link]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Yacoubou-seidou/Hello-Microverse/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give me a follow

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank all my coding partners at Microverse

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./Licence.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Complete desktop version and update README file

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<div align="center">

  <h3><b>Portfolio</b></h3>

</div>

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

# 📖 Portfolio <a name="about-project"></a>

> This is my first Portfolio project in the Microverse. Responsive on mobile and desktop

**Portfolio** is a basic HTML&CSS repository

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> HTML&CSS

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Live Demo Link](https://yacoubou-seidou.github.io/Portfolio/)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

```sh
sudo apt install git-all
or
npm install
```

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git clone https://github.com/Yacoubou-seidou/Portfolio.git
```

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

```sh
  Open index.html in browser
  or
  open with Live server in Vscode
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Author1**

- GitHub: [yacoubou-seidou](https://github.com/yacoubou-seidou)
  👤 **Author2**

- GitHub: [Prince-Nwuke](https://github.com/prius2055)
  👤 **Author3**

- GitHub: [Samuel-O.Acheampong](https://github.com/yawsamcode)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **[Add_project_details]**
- [ ] **[Add_a_profile_picture]**
- [ ] **[Add_JavaScript_behavor]**
- [ ] **[Add_link_to_a_tags]**
- [ ] **[Ass_memu_link]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Yacoubou-seidou/Hello-Microverse/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give me a follow

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thanks all my coding partners at Microverse

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./Licence.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
